---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

Helping you get a grip on your data for over 20 years

Analytics, whether it's a graph in the news or a complex model built by a data
scientist, depends on good clean data.  The talents that most analysts bring to
the digital table are tuned to building stories and making change in their
worlds. 

That trip from farm to table to viz is bumpy at best and downright horrifying at
worst.  It's filled with pothole like gaps, uncooperative data types, and
usually duct taped, bailing wired, chewing gummed collection of random bits of
actions, scripts, macros, and barely documented procedures.  In the moment, you
can put together a coherent picture but give it a few days to let the mental air
out of the tires, and you're going to be stuck on the side of the road wondering
how in the hell you managed to clean that data and where did it come from
anyway?

I love these challenges - the technical problem solving, the unusual ways to go
around an issue, the Googling for just the right bit of code that makes a
difference.  

That's not enough though - I'm just as passionate about documenting the journey.
Noting the sign posts in the sand, marking the route on the map, and identifying
where "There be dragons" so the next intrepid soul will have a calmer, more
thoughtful approach to buiilding a data source using the same approach. 

Some of my techniques are dead simple - text in a file pushed to PDF with
screenshots galore.  Others are a little more complex, with a deeper approach to
thinking about how SQL works, and surfacing that in a clearer way. 

When I'm done working with your problems, I'll hand over the code, the tools,
and the documents that will give you the confidence to deliver amazing analytic
results regularly.  Should you need to change...wait, what am I saying...when
you need to change, and you will, the flow of data, I want to make it simpler to
go back and update the documentation.  

So - let's get a grip on that data together!
